feat(UI): add ext_elementtype UI extension (#28016)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/api.txt

                          describing the return value and parameters.
- ui_events               |UI| event signatures
- ui_options              Supported |ui-option|s

> - ui_element_tags         String to bit number mapping for |ui-elementtype|

Reviewer: what is "tags" doing for us in this name
```suggestion
- ui_elements         String to bit number mapping for |ui-elementtype|
```

Author: Tags was added because by itself a single tag is not necessarily an UI element by itself, for example `Left` is one of the possible tags.

But if you prefer it can be changed to `ui_elements`
